src/docs/useLayoutEffect.mdx, before:

---
name: useLayoutEffect
route: /uselayoutEffect
---
import Editor from '../components/Editor'
import { 
    ArrayDep,
} from '../components/examples/useLayoutEffect'

# useLayoutEffect 🎩

> Notes: 
 - `useLayoutEffect` has the very same signature as `useEffect`.
 - see difference between `useLayoutEffect` and `useEffect` below. 
 - View the [docs](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#uselayouteffect)

```js
 useLayoutEffect(() => {
     //do something
 }, [arrayDep])
```

## Similar Usage as useEffect 
<Editor code={ArrayDep} />


## useLayoutEffect vs useEffect

The function passed to `useEffect` fires after layout and paint. 
i.e after the render has been committed to the screen. 

This is okay for most side effects that should NOT block the browser from updating the screen. 

There are cases where you may not want the behaviour `useEffect` provides. e.g. if you need to make a visual change to
the DOM as a side effect. To prevent the user from seeing flickers of changes, you may use `useLayoutEffect`. 

> The function passed to `useLayoutEffect` will be run before the browser updates the screen.

Commit message:

feat: update Notes section for readability and add call signature

src/docs/useLayoutEffect.mdx, after:

---
name: useLayoutEffect
route: /uselayoutEffect
---
import Editor from '../components/Editor'
import { 
    ArrayDep,
} from '../components/examples/useLayoutEffect'

# useLayoutEffect 🎩

Notes: 
 - `useLayoutEffect` has the very same signature as `useEffect`.
 - Call signature: `useLayoutEffect(effectFunction, arrayDependencies)`
 - Read on to see the difference between `useLayoutEffect` and `useEffect`. 
 - View the [docs.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#uselayouteffect)
--- 

```js
 useLayoutEffect(() => {
     //do something
 }, [arrayDep])
```

## Similar Usage as useEffect 
<Editor code={ArrayDep} />


## useLayoutEffect vs useEffect

The function passed to `useEffect` fires after layout and paint. 
i.e after the render has been committed to the screen. 

This is okay for most side effects that should NOT block the browser from updating the screen. 

There are cases where you may not want the behaviour `useEffect` provides. e.g. if you need to make a visual change to
the DOM as a side effect. To prevent the user from seeing flickers of changes, you may use `useLayoutEffect`. 

> The function passed to `useLayoutEffect` will be run before the browser updates the screen.
