src/docs/useRef.mdx, before:

---
name: useRef
route: /useRef
---

import Editor from "../components/Editor";
import { AccessDOM, HoldStringVal } from "../components/examples/useRef";

# useRef 🌂

> Notes
 - returns a 'ref' object.  
 - values are accessed from the `.current` property of the returned object. 
 - The`.current` property could be initialised to an initial value e.g. 
   `useRef(initialValue)`
 - The object is persisted for the entire lifetime of the component. 
 - [View docs.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useref)
 
## Accessing the DOM

<Editor code={AccessDOM} />

## Instance Like Variables  (Generic Container)

Other than just holding DOM refs, the "ref" object can hold any value.

<Editor code={HoldStringVal} />

You could do the same as storing the return value from a `setInterval` for cleanup.

```js
function TimerWithRefID() {
  const setIntervalRef = useRef();

  useEffect(() => {
    const intervalID = setInterval(() => {
      // something to be done every 100ms
    }, 100);

    // this is where the interval ID is saved in the ref object 
    setIntervalRef.current = intervalID;
    return () => {
      clearInterval(setIntervalRef.current);
    };
  });
}
```

Commit message:

feat: update Notes section for readability and add call signature

src/docs/useRef.mdx, after:

---
name: useRef
route: /useRef
---

import Editor from "../components/Editor";
import { AccessDOM, HoldStringVal } from "../components/examples/useRef";

# useRef 🌂

Notes
 - returns a 'ref' object.  
 - Call signature: `const refContainer = useRef(initialValueToBePersisted)`
 - Value is persisted in the `refContainer.current` property. 
 - values are accessed from the `.current` property of the returned object. 
 - The`.current` property could be initialised to an initial value e.g. 
   `useRef(initialValue)`
 - The object is persisted for the entire lifetime of the component. 
 - View the [docs.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#useref)
--- 

## Accessing the DOM

<Editor code={AccessDOM} />

## Instance Like Variables  (Generic Container)

Other than just holding DOM refs, the "ref" object can hold any value.

<Editor code={HoldStringVal} />

You could do the same as storing the return value from a `setInterval` for cleanup.

```js
function TimerWithRefID() {
  const setIntervalRef = useRef();

  useEffect(() => {
    const intervalID = setInterval(() => {
      // something to be done every 100ms
    }, 100);

    // this is where the interval ID is saved in the ref object 
    setIntervalRef.current = intervalID;
    return () => {
      clearInterval(setIntervalRef.current);
    };
  });
}
```
