src/docs/useReducer.mdx, before:

---
name: useReducer
route: /usereducer
---


import Editor from '../components/Editor'
import { 
    BasicExample,
    InitLazy,
    ImitateSetState
} from '../components/examples/useReducer'


# useReducer 🦖
 
> Notes: 
 - useReducer may be used as an alternative to useState. 
 - Ideal for complex state logic  where there's a dependency on previous state values or *a lotta* state sub values
 - depending on your use case you may find useReducer to quite testable 
 - [View docs.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usereducer) 

## Basic Usage 
As opposed to calling `useState`, call `useReducer` with a `reducer` and `initialState` as shown below. 
The `useReducer` call returns the state property and a `dispatch` function. 

<Editor noInline code={BasicExample}/>

## Initialize State Lazily 
`useReducer` takes a third function parameter. You may initialize state from this function, and whatever's returned from this function is returned as the state object.
This function will be called with `initialState` - the second parameter. 

<Editor noInline code={InitLazy}/>


## Imitate this.setState's behaviour 
`useReducer` uses a reducer that isn't as strict as Redux's e.g. the second parameter passed 
to the reducer, `action` doesn't have to have a `type` property. 
This allows for interesting manipulations such as renaming the second parameter and doing the following: 

<Editor noInline code={ImitateSetState}/>

<!-- todo: usecase where no re-renders when
useReducer returns the same state object -->

Commit message:

feat: update Notes section for readability and add call signature

src/docs/useReducer.mdx, after:

---
name: useReducer
route: /usereducer
---


import Editor from '../components/Editor'
import { 
    BasicExample,
    InitLazy,
    ImitateSetState
} from '../components/examples/useReducer'


# useReducer 🦖
 
Notes: 
 - `useReducer` may be used as an alternative to useState. 
 - Call signature: `const [state, dispatch] = useReducer(reducer, initialState, lazyInitFunction)`
 - Ideal for complex state logic  where there's a dependency on previous state values or *a lotta* state sub values
 - Depending on your use case you may find useReducer to quite testable 
 - View the [docs.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usereducer) 
--- 

## Basic Usage 
As opposed to calling `useState`, call `useReducer` with a `reducer` and `initialState` as shown below. 
The `useReducer` call returns the state property and a `dispatch` function. 

<Editor noInline code={BasicExample}/>

## Initialize State Lazily 
`useReducer` takes a third function parameter. You may initialize state from this function, and whatever's returned from this function is returned as the state object.
This function will be called with `initialState` - the second parameter. 

<Editor noInline code={InitLazy}/>


## Imitate this.setState's behaviour 
`useReducer` uses a reducer that isn't as strict as Redux's e.g. the second parameter passed 
to the reducer, `action` doesn't have to have a `type` property. 
This allows for interesting manipulations such as renaming the second parameter and doing the following: 

<Editor noInline code={ImitateSetState}/>

<!-- todo: usecase where no re-renders when
useReducer returns the same state object -->
